CURRENT MEMBERS

Contents

ITCs participants
non-ITCs participants
Informal guidelines to bring more people

If your name is not here, it means either you have not accepted the official invitation from COST or we haven't updated the list. If it is the former case, you should have received an email from the COST portal. We can send a new one, if you need it. Accepting the formal invitation is not just about clicking on a button. It might take you some minutes to fill forms and upload your CV.


== ITCs participants ==

Greece
	Prof Efstathios Stamatatos,	University of the Aegean
	Dr Stefanos Vrochidis,	Ethniko Kentro Erevnas Kai Technologikis Anaptyxis

Lithuania
	Dr Monika Mačiulienė,	Kaunas University of Technology

Poland
	Mr Marcin Sawiński,	Uniwersytet Ekonomiczny W Poznaniu
	Dr Piotr Pezik,	 UNIWERSYTET LODZKI
        
Portugal
	Alipio Jorge,	 Faculty of Sciences of University of Porto [Department of Computer Science] 
	Prof João Magalhães,	Universidade NOVA de Lisboa
	Prof Ricardo Campos,	Universidade Da Beira Interior
        
Romania
	Prof Bogdan Ionescu,	The National University of Science and Technology POLITEHNICA Bucharest
        
Türkiye
	Dr Rukiye SAVRAN KIZILTEPE,	Ankara Universitesi
         
== non-ITCs participants ==

Finland
	Prof Joni Salminen,	University of Vaasa
	Prof Jussi Karlgren,	Silo AI
        
France 
	Dr Chloe Braud,	  Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique 
	Prof Josiane Mothe,	Universite Toulouse Ii-jean Jaures
	 Dr Liana Ermakova,	 University of Brest [Faculty of Humanities and Social Science] 
	Dr Lorraine Goeuriot,	Universite Grenoble Alpes

Italy
	Dr Alberto Barron Cedeno, Alma Mater Studiorum - Universita Di Bologna
	Prof Nicola Ferro,	Università degli Studi di Padova
	Prof Elisabetta Fersini,	UNIVERSITA' DEGLI STUDI DI MILANO-BICOCCA
	Prof Viviana Patti,	Università degli Studi di Torino

Netherlands
	Dr Jaap Kamps,	University of Amsterdam
	Dr Tommaso Caselli ,	 Rijksuniversiteit Groningen [CLCG, Faculty of Arts] 
	
Spain
	Dr Alba Garcia Seco de Herrera,	UNIVERSIDAD NACIONAL DE EDUCACION A DISTANCIA
	 Dr Diego Sebastian Garrocho Salcedo,	 Universidad Autónoma de Madrid [Philosophy] 
	Dr Laura Plaza,	UNIVERSIDAD NACIONAL DE EDUCACION A DISTANCIA
	Dr Leonardo Campillos-Llanos,	Agencia Estatal Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Cientificas (CSIC)
	Ms Lucia Ortiz de Zarate,	 Universidad Autonoma de Madrid
	Dr Meritxell Saez Cornellana,	IQS School of Engineering
	Prof Paolo Rosso,	Universitat Politècnica de València
	Dr Rafael Fernandez Campos,	Universidad Autonoma de Madrid
	Dr Yashin Dicente Cid,	 Roche Diagnostics Sl
        
Switzerland
	 Prof Henning Müller,	 HAUTE ECOLE SPECIALISEE DE SUISSE OCCIDENTALE [eHealth Unit at the HES-SO Valais] 
	 Dr Oscar Alfonso Jimenez del Toro,	 Fondation De L'institut De Recherche Idiap [Medical Artificial Intelligence] 

== Informal guidelines to bring more people ==

1. What kind of person are we targetting? Obviously, we want good researchers. They should work on something related to information systems (all languages, and modalities are welcome; multi-* too).

1.a So far we have computer scientists (from different subdisciplines), linguists, philosophers. We are looking for a diverse group of people that can actually produce interesting discussions that would not be possible with one single profile/background. 

1.b Think of people who are proactive. People that are not shy at identifying issues/open problems, but who do not stop there: they are willing to find solutions, together.

1.c COST actions are about interacting with people, about building networks and gathering often, both online and IRL. Therefore, think of people you appreciate/respect/trust as a researcher, people that are team workers, and (ideally) that you enjoy hanging out with.

2. At least 50% of the countries must be ITC. So far we have 5 (first section of this document). The ITC countries are 

Albania, Armenia, Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Georgia, Greece, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Moldova, Montenegro, North Macedonia, Poland, Romania, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia, Türkiye, Ukraine

As of now (17/10/24), we have room to add one non-ITC country. We are in contact with colleagues from Germany. 

3. Other than geography, two other diversity factors COST actions pay particular attention to are gender and young researchers (under 40). So far (as of 17/10/24), we are doing fairly well in this front...

3.a We have 39% women 

3.b We have 22% young researchers

4. Companies are welcome. So far we only have one.

5. Do you want to propose somebody? You are more than welcome. Please, consider the following: 

5.a If you want to propose a person from a country already participating (ITC or not), please let us know.

5.b If you want to propose a person from a new non-ITC, please consider that we might not be able to include her/him, unless we have an extra ITC. We can keep that person in a waiting list, hoping to make room. These are the necessary distributions:

this is the distribution: (total, ITC)
7 4
8 4
9 5	
10 5	<-- we are here!
11 6
12 6
13 7

5.c If you want to propose a person from a new ITC, please let us know ASAP. Such new ITC could open the door to invite even more people. We are in contact with some colleagues from Lithuania, but we do not have confirmation yet.
 
6. Do you have somebody in mind but you don't think that person would be willing to join in such a short notice or you are not 100% sure? Don't panic, don't rush it. Would the action get accepted, we are going to be allowed to add new people later on.
